after a year most of earth's human
population has been annihilated by blind
creatures with hypersensitive hearing
that attack anything that makes noise
they are covered in armor which protects
them from bullets and explosives
the avid family wife evelyn husband lee
deaf daughter regan and sons marcus and
beau
silently scavenge for supplies in a
deserted town
going barefoot while outdoors the family
communicates in american sign language
inside a store four-year-old beau is
drawn to a battery-powered space shuttle
toy
but lee takes it away due to the noise
it would make
regan returns the toy de beau who also
takes the batteries that his father
removed from it
beau activates the toy when the family
is crossing a bridge
alerting a nearby creature that kills
him
over a year later regan struggles with
guilt over her brother's death
evelyn enters the final stages of
pregnancy and lee fruitlessly tries to
make radio contact with the outside
world
lee attempts to upgrade regan's cochlear
implant with
scavenged miniature amplifiers to
restore her hearing
but the devices are ineffective later
lee takes marcus to a nearby river with
a large waterfall to teach him how to
fish
while regan sneaks off to visit beau's
memorial
lee tells marcus it is safe to talk when
there are louder background
sounds that mask their voices from the
creatures
marcus says that regan blames herself
for beau's death and needs her father to
tell her he still loves her
alone at the house evelyn goes into
labor
while making her way to their basement
she accidentally steps on an exposed
nail with her bare foot and drops a
glass
picture frame alerting a nearby creature
evelyn flips a switch that changes the
exterior house lights to red as a signal
to the others and struggles to remain
silent during her contractions
arriving at the farm and seeing the
lights lee instructs marcus to set off
fireworks as a diversion
lee finds evelyn hiding in the bathroom
with their newborn son
they make their way to the improvised
soundproof basement
lee leaves to find the other children
evelyn falls asleep but awakens to
discover the basement is flooded from a
broken water pipe and that a creature is
inside with her
regan and marcus take refuge atop a
grain silo and light a fire to signal
their father
a hatch door suddenly gives way and
marcus falls into the silo
the falling door distracts the creature
that was stalking evelyn and it instead
targets marcus and regan
regan who has jumped in after marcus
sinks into the corn and nearly
suffocates but marcus saves her
regan's cochlear implant reacts to the
proximity of the creature by emitting a
high frequency sound that repels it
the children escape the silo and find
their father
the creature return
attacking and wounding lee while marcus
and regan hide in a pickup truck
marcus shouts attracting the creature
away from his father to the truck
lee signs to regan that he loves her and
always has
before yelling to draw the creature to
him
the creature attacks and kills lee regan
and marcus
roll the truck down a hill to escape and
reunite with evelyn and the baby at the
farmhouse
the four retreat to the basement when
the creature returns
regan who realizes that the sound made
by the implant distresses the creature
switches the device back on and places
it on a nearby microphone
amplifying the feedback painfully
disoriented
the creature exposes the flesh beneath
its armored head
allowing evelyn to fatally shoot it with
a shotgun
the family views a cctv monitor
showing two creatures attracted by the
noise of the shotgun blast approaching
the house
with their newly acquired knowledge of
the creature's weakness
the members of the family arm themselves
and prepare to fight back
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe